   Domain Name: MELISSA-WEB.COM
   Registry Domain ID: 2614446889_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
   Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.wix.com
   Registrar URL: http://www.wix.com
   Updated Date: 2023-05-19T16:23:04Z
   Creation Date: 2021-05-23T19:48:39Z
   Registry Expiry Date: 2024-05-23T19:48:39Z
   Registrar: Wix.com Ltd.
   Registrar IANA ID: 3817
   Registrar Abuse Contact Email: domain-abuse@wix.com
   Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +14154291173
   Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
   Domain Status: clientUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientUpdateProhibited
   Name Server: NS10.WIXDNS.NET
   Name Server: NS11.WIXDNS.NET
   DNSSEC: unsigned
   URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/
>>> Last update of whois database: 2023-06-12T04:12:45Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone,
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.
Domain Name: MELISSA-WEB.COM
Registry Domain ID: 2614446889_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.wix.com
Registrar URL: http://www.wix.com
Updated Date: 2023-05-19T16:23:04
Creation Date: 2021-05-23T19:48:39
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2024-05-23T19:48:39
Registrar: Wix.Com Ltd.
Registrar IANA ID: 3817
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
Domain Status: clientUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientUpdateProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: 
Registrant Name: REDACTED FOR PRIVACY
Registrant Organization: Wix.com Ltd.
Registrant Street: 500 Terry Francois Blvd
Registrant City: San Francisco
Registrant State/Province: CA
Registrant Postal Code: 94158
Registrant Country: US
Registrant Phone: +1.4154291173
Registrant Phone Ext: Statutory Masking Enabled
Registrant Fax: (415) 643-6479
Registrant Fax Ext: Statutory Masking Enabled
Registrant Email: melissa-web.com@wix-domains.com
Registry Admin ID: 
Admin Name: Statutory Masking Enabled
Admin Organization: Statutory Masking Enabled
Admin Street: Statutory Masking Enabled
Admin City: Statutory Masking Enabled
Admin State/Province: Statutory Masking Enabled
Admin Postal Code: Statutory Masking Enabled
Admin Country: Statutory Masking Enabled
Admin Phone: Statutory Masking Enabled
Admin Phone Ext: Statutory Masking Enabled
Admin Fax: Statutory Masking Enabled
Admin Fax Ext: Statutory Masking Enabled
Admin Email: melissa-web.com@wix-domains.com
Registry Tech ID: 
Tech Name: Statutory Masking Enabled
Tech Organization: Statutory Masking Enabled
Tech Street: Statutory Masking Enabled
Tech City: Statutory Masking Enabled
Tech State/Province: Statutory Masking Enabled
Tech Postal Code: Statutory Masking Enabled
Tech Country: Statutory Masking Enabled
Tech Phone: Statutory Masking Enabled
Tech Phone Ext: Statutory Masking Enabled
Tech Fax: Statutory Masking Enabled
Tech Fax Ext: Statutory Masking Enabled
Tech Email: melissa-web.com@wix-domains.com
Name Server: ns11.wixdns.net
Name Server: ns10.wixdns.net
DNSSEC: unsigned
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: domain-abuse@wix.com
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.4154291173
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: https://icann.org/wicf
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2023-06-12T04:12:57Z <<<

"For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https: //icann.org/epp"Important: the data contained in Wix.com Ltd.'s WhoIs database, while believed
by the company to be reliable, is provided "as is" with no guarantee or warranties
regarding its accuracy. This information is provided for the sole purpose of assisting
you in obtaining information about domain name registration records. Any use of this
data for any other purpose is expressly forbidden without the prior written permission
of Wix.com Ltd.

By submitting an inquiry, you agree to these terms of usage and limitations of warranty.
In particular,You agree that you may use this data only for lawful purposes and
that under no circumstances you will use this data to allow, enable, or otherwise make
possible, dissemination, compilation repackaging or collection of this data, in part or
in its entirety, for any purpose, such as the transmission of unsolicited advertising
and and solicitations of any kind, including spam. You further agree not to use this
data to enable high volume, automated or robotic electronic processes designed to collect
or compile this data for any purpose, including mining this data for your own personal
or commercial purposes.
Please note: the registrant of the domain name is specified in the "registrant" section.
In some cases, the information provided under the ?registrant? section is masked due
to an additional privacy protection service or in order to comply with GDPR.
Wix.com Ltd. reserves the right to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole
discretion to ensure operational stability. Wix.com Ltd. may restrict or terminate your
access to the Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use.
Wix.com Ltd.reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.
    